Updating C# Testing page to include information about requiring a build … (#8141)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/csharp/testing.md

### Run/Debug test cases

Once you have written test cases, you will need to perform a build of your test project for them to be recognized as a test. Open the Command Palette and select **.NET: Build**. This will build your project.

[C# Dev Kit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csdevkit) will generate shortcuts (the green play button) on the left side of the class and method definition. To run the target test cases, select the green play button. You can also right-click on it to see more options.

### Test Explorer

> The Test Explorer is a tree view to show all the test cases in your workspace. You can select the beaker button on the left-side Activity bar of Visual Studio Code to open it. You can also run/debug your test cases and view their test results from there. If you have not performed a build of your project, you can select the **Refreshe Tests** button and it will perform a build to discover all of your tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Test Explorer is a tree view to show all the test cases in your workspace. You can select the beaker button on the left-side Activity Bar of Visual Studio Code to open it. You can also run/debug your test cases and view their test results from there. If you have not performed a build of your project, select the **Refresh Tests** button to perform a build and discover all of your tests.
```
